You may need to refresh the page multiple times if all pages are not properly displayed 
Final Assignment (Version 1.2 – 5 June 2025) 
ANALYSIS 8: SOFTWARE QUALITY (INFSWQ01-A | INFSWQ21-A) 
Educational Period 4 [2024-2025] 
URBAN MOBILITY backend system 
To make it feasible as an assessment for this course, the following scenario is formulated to ensure 
that students have achieved at least the minimum level of the course learning outcomes, as defined 
in the course manual. Please note that this scenario might be very different in real world cases, which 
usually need other quality requirements. Normally such a system would involve many other 
requirements and components, but here you can limit yourself only to the given description. 
Learning Objectives 
The learning objectives of the assignment and mapping to the intended learning outcome of the 
course are listed below: 
1. To understand the common mistakes of coders in input validation and communications with 
subsystems (LO2, LO3). 
2. To apply the knowledge of input validation, SQL injection, and cryptography (LO1, LO4). 
3. To partially build a secure system against various attacks initiated by user input (LO4). 
Assignment 
Introduction 
Urban Mobility operates a network of shared electric scooters across the Rotterdam region. Travelers 
can unlock scooters directly by scanning a QR-code, or reserve them in advance via the mobile app.  
In this assignment, you will design and implement a secure backend system that handles user 
authentication, scooter information, traveller data and admin monitoring. The focus of this assignment 
is on software security. Your system must follow best practices in input validation, encryption, 
logging, and secure role-based access. 
This assignment consists of the design and implementation of a simple console-based interface in 
Python 3 for the mentioned backend system. This system should use a local database to store the 
data. You should use SQLite3 database for this purpose. Figure 1 Use Case Diagram provides an 
overview of the actors and their corresponding use cases.  
PAGE 1 of 13 
Analysis 8: Software Quality (INFSWQ01-A | INFSWQ21-A) 
OP4 | 2023-2024 
CMI | HR 
Figure 1 Use Case Diagram 
PAGE 2 
FINAL ASSIGNMENT: Urban Mobility Backend System 
Analysis 8: Software Quality (INFSWQ01-A | INFSWQ21-A) 
OP4 | 2023-2024 
CMI | HR 
Overview of the User Roles 
Users of the backend system are the employees of Urban Mobility. In the system there are three 
User Roles, which are categorized in Table 1 User Roles. 
User role 
Created by 
Super Administrator 
Remark 
Hard-coded 
A Super Administrator has full 
control of the system. In practice, 
their main role is to create and 
manage System Administrator 
accounts. 
System Administrator 
The Super Administrator 
A System Administrator can fully 
manage Traveler accounts & 
Service Engineer accounts and 
add, update and delete scooter 
information. 
Service Engineer 
The Super Administrator or the 
System Administrator 
A Service Engineer can update 
some attributes of existing scooter 
information. They are not allowed 
to add or delete scooters. 
Table 1 User Roles 
The Super Administrator account is Hard-coded 
For assessment purposes, the backend system must include a hard-coded Super Administrator 
account with a fixed username and password. 
The fixed username must be: super_admin 
The fixed password must be: Admin_123?  
This approach is intentionally insecure and would not be acceptable in a real-world application. 
However, it simplifies access for instructors during the assessment process. 
The customers of Urban Mobility are not users of the backend system 
The customers of Urban Mobility (the travellers) are not users of the backend system. The users of 
the backend system and their corresponding Use Cases can be found in the following pages. 
PAGE 3 
FINAL ASSIGNMENT: Urban Mobility Backend System 
Analysis 8: Software Quality (INFSWQ01-A | INFSWQ21-A) 
OP4 | 2023-2024 
CMI | HR 
The data stored in the backend system 
Traveller data 
When a new traveller applies for an account, their information should be entered into the backend 
system. A new traveller can be registered in the backend system by a System Administrator and by 
the Super Administrator. The backend system then needs to automatically add the registration date 
and assign a unique customer ID to every new traveller. The registration date is the current time at 
the moment of entering the traveller data. 
See Table 2 for the traveller data that should be entered into the backend system. For some traveller 
data attributes specific syntax rules are defined in the column ‘Format’. The letter D means a digit (0
9), the letter X means an uppercase letter (A-Z). 
Traveller data attribute 
Description 
First Name 
Format 
Last Name 
The traveller’s given name.  
The traveller’s family name or surname.  
Birthday 
The traveller’s date of birth, used for 
identity verification and age-related 
restrictions. 
Gender 
Street name 
The traveller’s gender, male or female.  
The name of the street where the 
traveller lives. 
House Number 
The number of the traveller’s residence 
on the street. 
Zip Code 
The postal code corresponding to the 
traveller’s address. 
City 
The city where the traveller resides. 
DDDDXX 
The system should generate a list 
of 10 predefined city names of 
your choice. 
Email Address 
The traveller’s email address, used for 
communication and account 
management. 
Mobile Phone 
The traveller’s mobile phone number, 
used for account verification and 
notifications. 
+31-6-DDDDDDDD   
Only DDDDDDDD to be entered 
by the user. 
Driving license number 
The unique number of the traveller’s 
driving license, required for eligibility to 
rent scooters. 
XXDDDDDDD or XDDDDDDDD 
Table 2 Traveller Data 
Scooter data 
The backend system stores information about the scooter fleet. The Super Administrator and System 
Administrator can add new scooters, modify and delete existing ones. The Service Engineer can only 
modify some attributes of existing scooter information. When a new scooter is added to the fleet, the 
backend system should automatically add the in-service date. The in-service date is the current time 
at the moment of entering the scooter information.  
See Table 3 for the scooter data that should be entered into the backend system. For some scooter 
data attributes specific syntax rules are defined in the column ‘Format’.  
PAGE 4 
FINAL ASSIGNMENT: Urban Mobility Backend System 
Analysis 8: Software Quality (INFSWQ01-A | INFSWQ21-A) OP4 | 2023-2024 CMI | HR 
FINAL ASSIGNMENT: Urban Mobility Backend System PAGE 5 
 
Scooter data 
attribute 
Description Format Attribute can be edited by 
   Super 
Administrator & 
System 
Administrator 
Service 
Engineer 
Brand The manufacturer of the 
scooter (e.g., Segway, NIU). 
   
Model The specific model name or 
number of the scooter. 
   
Serial number A unique identifier assigned 
to each scooter by the 
manufacturer. 
10 to 17 
alphanumeric 
characters 
  
Top speed The maximum speed the 
scooter can reach, measured 
in kilometres per hour (km/h). 
   
Battery capacity The total energy capacity of 
the battery, usually measured 
in watt-hours (Wh). 
   
State of Charge 
(SoC) 
The current battery charge 
level, expressed as a 
percentage. 
   
Target-range SoC The recommended operating 
range of the scooter's 
battery, defined by a 
minimum and maximum 
State of Charge (SoC). 
Staying within this range 
helps ensure that the battery 
is neither overly discharged 
nor overcharged, optimizing 
its lifespan. 
   
Location The current GPS coordinates 
(latitude and longitude) of the 
scooter. Must be a real-world 
location within the Rotterdam 
region. Must allow for at least 
2-meter accuracy. 
5 decimal places, 
e.g., latitude = 
51.9225, longitude 
= 4.47917. 
  
Out-of-service 
status 
Indicates whether the scooter 
is currently unavailable for 
use (e.g. due to low battery, 
maintenance or technical 
issues). 
   
Mileage The total distance travelled 
by the scooter since it was 
first used, measured in 
kilometres. 
   
Last maintenance 
date 
The date when the scooter 
was last inspected or 
serviced for maintenance 
purposes. 
ISO 8601 format: 
YYYY-MM-DD   
Table 3 Scooter data 
The column ‘Attribute can be edited by’ in Table 3 indicates which attribute can be edited by which 
user role. When there is a checkmark in the appropriate cell it indicates that the corresponding 
attribute can be edited by the corresponding user role. If there is no checkmark then the 
corresponding attribute cannot be edited the corresponding user role. For instance, the attribute 
‘Serial number ‘ can only be edited by the Super Administrator and the System administrator, not by 
the Service Engineer.  
Analysis 8: Software Quality (INFSWQ01-A | INFSWQ21-A) 
OP4 | 2023-2024 
CMI | HR 
User Interface 
The backend system must have a user-friendly interface (easy, efficient, and enjoyable) that allows 
users (Super Administrator, System Administrators, and Service Engineers) to perform their functions 
easily and smoothly. 
A console-based interface is the sufficient requirement; however, a graphical user interface (GUI) is 
optional and allowed, but not necessary, provided that it also meets the usability expectations. 
Ensure that your user interface provides sufficient information for the user to work with it. For example, if 
you have a menu “1. Register new traveller” which should be chosen by pressing ‘R’ or ‘r’ or entering 1, 
this should be clearly displayed to the user on the menus screen. Do not suppose that the user (and your 
teacher when testing and grading your assignment) should guess how to work with the user interface. 
Note that the user interface would not be graded for flexibility or efficiency of use, but if your teachers 
cannot properly work with the system, it might not be possible for them to correctly assess your work. 
Data (DB) File 
The main functionality of the backend system is to store and manage the information of travellers and 
scooters in the system. In addition, the system needs to store information of the users of the backend 
system. For this purpose, you need to implement the database using SQLite library in Python “sqlite3”.  
Note that the sensitive data, including usernames and travellers’ data, must be encrypted in the 
database. You must not store any password in the database, rather as you learned (or will learn soon) in 
the lessons, you must only store the hash of password in the database. 
Stakeholders, Users, Authorization, Functions and Accessibility Levels 
More details about the stakeholders of the system are explained below: 
1. Travellers 
Travellers are not the users of the concerned backend system and have no role or 
interaction with this part of the application. The only relationship between travellers and the 
backend system is that their information is recorded and stored in the backend system by a 
Super Administrator and System Administrator. 
2. Service Engineer  
Service Engineers are employees of Urban Mobility who are responsible for the management of 
the scooter-fleet. Hence, they need to be able to manage some attributes of the existing scooter 
information. They are not allowed to add new or delete existing scooters. So, the minimum 
required functions of a Service Engineer in the system are summarized as below: 
• To update their own password 
• To update some attributes of scooters in the system  
• To search and retrieve the information of a scooter (check note 2 below) 
3. System Administrators 
A System Administrator is a person who can maintain the system and perform some 
administration tasks on the application. They are IT technical people and not intended to work 
with the scooters. However, they should be able to perform all the functions of Service Engineers 
if needed. The minimum required functions of a System Administrator are listed below: 
PAGE 6 
FINAL ASSIGNMENT: Urban Mobility Backend System 
Analysis 8: Software Quality (INFSWQ01-A | INFSWQ21-A) 
OP4 | 2023-2024 
CMI | HR 
Same as Service Engineer: 
• To update their own password. 
• To update the attributes of scooters in the system 
• To search and retrieve the information of a scooter (check note 2 below) 
Specific for the System Administrator: 
• To check the list of users and their roles. 
• To add a new Service Engineer to the system. 
• To update an existing Service Engineer account and profile. 
• To delete an existing Service Engineer account. 
• To reset an existing Service Engineer password (a temporary password). 
• To update his own account and profile. 
• To delete his own account. 
• To make a backup of the backend system. 
• To restore a specific backup of the backend system. For this purpose, the Super 
Administrator has generated a specific ‘one-use only’ code to restore a specific backup. 
• To see the logs file(s) of the backend system. 
• To add a new Traveller to the backend system. 
• To update the information of a Traveller in the backend system. 
• To delete a Traveller record from the backend system. 
• To add a new scooter to the backend system. 
• To update the information of a scooter in the backend system. 
• To delete a scooter from the backend system. 
• To search and retrieve the information of a Traveller (check note 2 below). 
4. Super Administrator  
Super Administrator is simply the owner or the manager of Urban Mobility. The main function of 
the Super Administrator is to define System Administrators and leave the system to them; 
however, they should be able to perform all possible functionalities of the lower-level users 
(System Administrator and Service Engineer).  
The minimum required functions of a Super Administrator are listed below: 
Same as Service Engineer: 
• To update the attributes of scooters in the system 
• To search and retrieve the information of a scooter (check note 2 below) 
Please note: The credentials of the Super Administrator are hard-coded. Therefore, it is not 
required that he should be able to update his own password. The Super Administrator does not 
need a password change option in the user interface. 
Same as System Administrator: 
• To check the list of users and their roles. 
• To add a new Service Engineer to the backend system. 
• To modify or update an existing Service Engineer account and profile. 
• To delete an existing Service Engineer account. 
• To reset an existing Service Engineer password (a temporary password). 
• To see the logs file(s) of the backend system. 
• To add a new Traveller to the backend system. 
PAGE 7 
FINAL ASSIGNMENT: Urban Mobility Backend System 
Analysis 8: Software Quality (INFSWQ01-A | INFSWQ21-A) 
OP4 | 2023-2024 
CMI | HR 
• To update the information of a Traveller in the backend system. 
• To delete a Traveller from the backend system. 
• To add a new scooter to the backend system. 
• To update the information of a scooter in the backend system. 
• To delete a scooter from the backend system. 
• To search and retrieve the information of a Traveller (check note 2 below). 
Specific for the Super Administrator: 
• To add a new System Administrator to the backend system. 
• To modify or update an existing System Administrator account and profile. 
• To delete an existing System Administrator account. 
• To reset an existing System Administrator password (a temporary password). 
• To make a backup of the backend system and to restore a backup. 
• To allow a specific System Administrator to restore a specific backup. For this purpose, 
the Super Administrator should be able to generate a restore-code linked to a specific 
backup and System Administrator. The restore-code is one-use-only. 
• To revoke a previously generated restore-code for a System Administrator. 
Please note: The Super Administrator should not be able to restore a specific backup on behalf of 
a System Administrator (using a restore-code). The Super Administrator can only generate a 
restore-code, but only the intended System Administrator is allowed to use it to perform the 
actual restore. 
Note 1: Service Engineers and System Administrators should have profiles, in addition to their 
usernames and passwords. Their profiles contain only first name, last name and registration date. 
Note 2: The search function must accept reasonable data fields as a search key. It must also accept 
partial keys. For example, a user can search for a Traveller with a name “Mike Thomson” and customer 
ID “2123287421” by entering any of these keys: “mik”, “omso”, or “2328”, etc. 
Log  
The system should log all activities. All suspicious activities must be flagged, and the system needs to 
produce an alert/notification for unread suspicious activities once a System Administrator or Super 
Administrator is logged in to the system. The content of the log file(s) must be encrypted and should be 
only readable through the system interface, by the System Administrator or Super Administrator. It 
means that it should not be readable by any other tool, such as file explorer, browser or text editor. 
A log should be structured similar to the following sample: 
No. 
Date 
Time 
Username 
1 
12-05-2021 
15:51:19 
john_m_05 
Description of activity 
Logged in  
Additional Information 
Suspicious 
No 
2 
12-05-2021 
18:00:20 
superadmin 
New admin user is created 
3 
12-05-2021 
18:05:33 
… 
Unsuccessful login 
username: mike12 
No 
username: “mike12” is used for a login 
attempt with a wrong password 
4 
12-05-2021 
18:07:10 
… 
Unsuccessful login 
No 
Multiple usernames and passwords are 
tried in a row 
5 
12-05-2021 
18:08:02 
superadmin 
Yes 
User is deleted 
... 
... 
... 
... 
... 
User “mike12” is deleted 
No 
... 
... 
PAGE 8 
FINAL ASSIGNMENT: Urban Mobility Backend System 
Analysis 8: Software Quality (INFSWQ01-A | INFSWQ21-A) 
OP4 | 2023-2024 
CMI | HR 
Note that the structure above is just a sample. You may choose your own desired format, but the 
information given above are the minimum information needed in the log file. 
The OWASP Logging Cheat Sheet could be used for further reading. 
Encryption of sensitive data 
As mentioned before, all sensitive data in the database, including usernames, and traveller phones and 
addresses, as well as log data must be encrypted. For this encryption, you must use a symmetric 
algorithm.  
Additional Clarification: At any point in time, whether the application is running or not running, any user 
with any text editor (outside of the Urban Mobility application) must not be able to see any meaningful 
data in the database or log file [unless they can decrypt the file(s)]. So, decryption and encryption of the 
files on start and exit is not an acceptable solution. 
Passwords 
Note that any form of password (encrypted or unencrypted) is not allowed to be stored in the database or 
any other data file in the backend system. Instead, you must only store hash of passwords in the system. 
For this purpose, you are allowed to use a third-party library. 
Backup 
The System Administrator and Super Administrator should be able to create a backup of the backend 
system. The Super Administrator can restore the backend system from any backup, the System 
Administrator only from a specific backup.  
The backup must include the database (users, scooters and travellers’ information). The backup should 
be in zip format. Note that the sensitive data in the DB file must already be encrypted. Thus, no 
additional encryption is needed when you are creating the backup zip file. The system must support 
multiple backups. 
Usernames and Passwords 
All Usernames and Passwords (except for the Super Administrator which is hardcoded) must follow the 
rules given below: 
● Username: 
○ must be unique and have a length of at least 8 characters 
○ must be no longer than 10 characters 
○ must be started with a letter or underscores (_) 
○ can contain letters (a-z), numbers (0-9), underscores (_), apostrophes ('), and periods (.) 
○ no distinction between lowercase and uppercase letters (case-insensitive) 
● Password: 
○ must have a length of at least 12 characters 
○ must be no longer than 30 characters 
○ can contain letters (a-z), (A-Z), numbers (0-9), Special characters such as ~!@#$%&_
+=`|\(){}[]:;'<>,.?/ 
○ must have a combination of at least one lowercase letter, one uppercase letter, one digit, 
and one special character 
PAGE 9 
FINAL ASSIGNMENT: Urban Mobility Backend System 
Analysis 8: Software Quality (INFSWQ01-A | INFSWQ21-A) OP4 | 2023-2024 CMI | HR 
FINAL ASSIGNMENT: Urban Mobility Backend System PAGE 10 
 
Grading 
 
The assignment will be evaluated as either PASS or FAIL. To successfully pass the course, students 
must pass the assignment together with passing the exam. 
Your assignment might be graded by your teacher (the teacher in your course timetable) or another 
teacher (Babak, Ahmad, René or Nanne). 
Students will receive feedback from the teachers during the presentation. We suggest you note all the 
comments, in case you cannot successfully pass the assignment, you can use the comments and 
feedback to apply in the next chance. 
Your assignment will be assessed according to the following marking Scheme. To successfully pass the 
assignment you need to meet the following assessment criteria: 
● You must get C1 and C2 at least as Satisfactory (L2 or L3), and 
● You must get C3 and C6 at least as Satisfactory (L1), and 
● You must get C4 and C5 at least as L1, and 
● You must get a minimum of 10 points in total. 
 
Grading Table 
Does the functionality of the submitted code match the assignment description? Result  
Functionality of the system as described. 
● If unsatisfactory, the assignment is FAIL and could not be evaluated for 
grading. 
● If satisfactory, then the table below will be used for grading. 
(Unsatisfactory/Satisfactory)  
 
Criteria and Points Unsatisfactory Satisfactory 
C1 Authentication and Authorization for users are properly 
implemented (Users access level) L0 L1 L2 L3 
C2 All inputs are properly validated. L0 L1 L2 L3 
C3 The system is secured against SQL injection. L0 L1 
C4 Invalid inputs are properly handled. L0 L1 L2 L3 
C5 All activities are properly logged and backed up. L0 L1 L2 L3 
C6 Students can properly demonstrate and explain the 
system. L0 L1 
C1, C2, C4, and C5: 
● L0: Not implemented / very basic attempts [0 point] 
● L1: Poor implementation / Major problems [1 point] 
● L2: Minimum requirements are implemented / Minor problems [2 points] 
● L3: Meet the requirements / Good implementation [3 points] 
C3: 
● L0: Not implemented / Poor implementation / Major problems [0 point] 
● L1: Minimum requirements are implemented / Minor problems [1 point] 
C6: 
● L0: presentation is not satisfactory [0 point] 
● L1: presentation is satisfactory [1 point] 
 
Analysis 8: Software Quality (INFSWQ01-A | INFSWQ21-A) OP4 | 2023-2024 CMI | HR 
FINAL ASSIGNMENT: Urban Mobility Backend System PAGE 11 
 
Marking Scheme 
An example of criteria and marking scheme is given in the table below. Please note that not all criteria 
are written in this table, but you can find all requirement and criteria in the assignment description which 
are already explained in detail. This table is to give you an idea of how the assessment procedure is.  
 
Criteria 
Unsatisfactory Satisfactory 
L0 (0 point) L1 (1 point) L2 (2 point) L3 (3 points) 
C1 
Authenticating does not 
exist, or it is not working 
properly. 
Authorization is not 
implemented or at a 
very basic level. 
Authentication is based on 
username and passwords. 
Usernames and PWs do not 
conform the given format and are 
not hashed. Application code has 
hard-coded role checks. 
Lack of centralized access 
control logic. There are some 
bugs or major problems. 
Authentication has proper error 
messages. Authentication data are 
stored in an encrypted file using 
proper mechanism. Passwords are 
hashed. Authorization is implemented 
based on user roles and is 
centralized. No bugs or major 
problems. 
Authentication has a secure 
recovery mechanism. It is 
protected against multiple 
wrong tries. 
Authorization is fully 
implemented based on the 
user's actions, without bugs or 
major problems. 
C2 
Input Validation is not 
implemented or at a 
very trivial level. There 
are many bugs or 
errors, which let Input 
Validation be bypassed 
easily. 
Input Validation is implemented, 
but not for all input types, or 
contains few bugs and errors. 
Input Validation can be still 
bypassed. Blacklisting or mixed 
mechanism is used. 
Input Validation is complete for all 
input types and does not allow 
bypassing. Whitelisting is used for all 
inputs without any flaw. There is no 
bug or error. 
Input Validation is fully 
implemented and there are 
signs of following good 
practices in validation, such as 
checking for NULL-Byte, range 
and length, Validation 
Functions, etc. 
C4 
Invalid inputs are not 
handled, or at very 
basic level, with many 
bugs or errors. 
There are some attempts of 
invalid input handling, but not 
correctly implemented. The 
reactions to different types of 
inputs are not suitable. 
Invalid inputs are properly handled, 
without bugs or major problems. 
However, there might be very few 
improper reactions or minor 
improvements needed. 
Invalid inputs are very well 
handled, and there is evidence 
of following good practices in 
response to different types of 
inputs. 
C5 
Logging, Backup and 
restore are not 
implemented, or there 
are major issues. 
Logging, Backup and Restore 
are partially implemented. There 
are some bugs or shortcomings. 
Logging, Backup and Restore are 
fully implemented. All suspicious 
incidents are logged. However, it 
could be still improved. 
Logging, Backup and Restore 
are complete and well 
formatted, and there is 
evidence of good practices. 
 
Criteria 
Unsatisfactory Satisfactory 
L0 (0 point) L1 (1 point) 
C3 
The system is not secure (or partially) against SQL Injection. 
The SQL queries are not consistent throughout the code. 
There are coding bugs or issues. 
The system is fully secure against SQL Injection. Appropriate 
mechanism and coding practices are used. SQL queries and codes 
are consistent in the final product. 
C6 
Students cannot properly run and demonstrate the system, 
or cannot explain it, or answer the technical questions. 
There is no evidence of original work or satisfactory 
contribution by the student. 
Students can properly run and demonstrate the system and provide 
relevant answers to the majority of the technical questions.  
The work is evidently original, and there is evidence of sufficient 
contribution by the student. 
 
 
 
  
Analysis 8: Software Quality (INFSWQ01-A | INFSWQ21-A) OP4 | 2023-2024 CMI | HR 
FINAL ASSIGNMENT: Urban Mobility Backend System PAGE 12 
 
Submission 
 
Deliverable 
The delivery to be handed in must consist of one zip-file, named as below:  
studentnumber1_studentnumber2_studentnumber3.zip 
 
The zip-file must contain: 
1. A one-page pdf document, called um_members.pdf, containing Names and student numbers 
of the team (maximum 3 students per team), 
2. A directory called src, containing all the code files and the data files, including one main file 
um_members.py. Starting the system should be done by running um_members.py. 
 
⚠ IMPORTANT NOTES 
1. Do not include any bulky Python system files in the delivery. 
2. The code must only use standard library modules, plus sqlite3, re (regular expression) and 
any cryptography and hash library of your choice.  
3. The code must run error-free (on a standard Windows or MAC PC). If needed, the code should 
only write to a temporary storage subfolder of the current folder, on the local machine.  
4. The code should only write to temporary storage directories on the local machine, meaning 
on the current (running) folder or a subfolder of it. 
5. We encourage you to work in a team of 2 or 3 persons. However, individual work is also 
acceptable, if you prefer to do it individually, or you are not able to make a team (e.g., 
retakers). 
6. If submitted as a group work, every member/student in the group is responsible for the 
whole code and must be able to explain and justify the implementation. 
7. When working in a team, only one team member (the team leader) submits the assignment, 
and all group members submit a group-info message with names and student numbers of the 
entire team, clearly indicating who is the team leader. 
8. Part time-students can form a group only with part-time students and full-time students are 
allowed to form a group with only full-time students. Retake students are free to form a team 
with non-retake students (the only restriction is FT with FT, and PT with PT). 
 
 
How to submit? 
● Students can only submit it via the appropriate channels in MS Teams.  
 
Please note that submission through chat or email is not accepted. If you confront any problem in 
submission, contact your teacher before the deadline to assist you. As the submission dates (first 
chance and second chance) are usually on weekend, it is obvious that any communication with 
your teacher during the weekend might not be replied. Hence, during the working days of the 
submission week, ensure that you know how to submit it, and everything correctly works for you.  
Please do not leave any problem or issues with your submission on the submission day, 
otherwise you may miss on-time submission. 
 
Analysis 8: Software Quality (INFSWQ01-A | INFSWQ21-A) 
OP4 | 2023-2024 
CMI | HR 
Deadline 
Submission deadline for the First Chance is 20 JUNE 2025. 
Submission deadline for the Second Chance is to be determined. 
Presentation 
The presentation will be planned within the next three weeks after the submission deadline. It is 
mandatory for grading. 
§ Each presentation (for a submission, either individual work or group submission) will be 
scheduled for maximum 30 minutes. 
§ The presentation will be placed physically in Wijnhaven 107. The room will be announced later. 
§ An online form will be available few days before the submission deadline, with some time slots.  
Links of presentation scheduling form are provided on the course team on MS Teams. Ask 
your teacher to help if you couldn’t find it. 
A student or a group can select their preferred time slot for the presentation. Because we have a 
restriction to complete the grading of assignment before the end of the education year, ensure 
that you timely choose your preferred time slot and register your name in the form, otherwise, you 
have to only pick one from the remaining time slots. Although we do our best to facilitate it, but 
we are not sure if we can provide additional time slots, if you miss your presentation. 
What is the presentation? 
You can see the criteria C6 in the Grading Table and Marking Scheme to see what the expectation for 
the presentation is. 
You should run the system and demonstrate the functionalities of the system. You will be asked to 
explain how you have implemented the requirements of the system. You don’t need to prepare any 
slides for the presentation. 
For example, we may ask you questions like these: how you have implemented SQL queries? Is your 
application secured against SQL injection attacks and why? Where have you implemented the input 
validation layer? Which mechanism is used in the application to implement input validation? Why you 
used this mechanism? Are you protecting it against buffer-overflow attack and how? Are you protecting it 
against Null-byte attack and how? How do you deal a user-generated and server-generated invalid 
inputs? How do you decide that an activity in your log is suspicious or normal? Show the data in the 
database (you can install a third-part software or plugin for this), Show the code for the user 
authentication, … 
You will be guided by your teachers during the presentation what you need to do. 
PAGE 13 
FINAL ASSIGNMENT: Urban Mobility Backend System 